hello swami sergey shmakov this video by
tablet settings brush settings for
should work with most mountain destinations
the main thing is this video for those who
one way or another
being trained by me I specifically
recording this video on technical
settings so that in no way
case does not waste time on individual
training workshops for me
I told you all these new ones
technical moment I will brief you now
concisely and fully tell you all that
will be necessary in order to work
with a tablet and should do well
burn clean technically so
let's go initially you need
set up the most important main tablet
tuning then sensitivity cyrus us
you need to remove it completely that is
turn our tablet into a mouse
click we have a full press
we will manage sensitivity with
using the brush settings itself
further we need to adjust to the bottom
pen button
right click for what it is
done let's turn on the brush behind
alt click and switch on the lower button on the pen
which is responsible for the right mouse button
turn on we turn on the brush now
moving left or right we change
brush size by moving in up or
down we change the stiffness that is here
this resort no longer needs further
what do we need here we need
where is the mapping tick on
proportional to vertical and
the horizontal axis of the tablet worked
proportionally meaning you are moving
you also moved the pen with your hand
moved the brush on the monitor to
you controlled the process I have
two monitors in this case if i
need to move between them if you have
same situation then i'm on feathers on
put the second button move
between monitors I have this example
on the left is the lightroom on the right of photoshop and
everywhere I work proportionally
pie i just use one button
moving between
handwriting we didn't need to go
I have six more on my tablet
additional buttons that I can
let's customize first
look at the brush settings for gin
burn and then I will explain which buttons in not
installed and so turn on the brush
I have already created a layer for must burn for
those who work with a brush gray layer is not
need so we can remove it click
f5 or window brush opens with us
window settings brush from all the tick us
need to put only one
build up this check mark repeats completely
air values brush setting and brushing
which turns your brush into an airbrush
that is, makes its principle of work so
same as instrument clarifier or
dimmer that is if you thought that with
using the brush work happens
somehow different that is using
opacity and you ca n't smoothly apply
example of dimming or lightening then
now you know that there is such a line
airbrush which turns the brush on and
rogov further we have now settings
flow that is, we now do not work with
opacity us the main settings is the pressure
pen pressure claw just like this
happens to airbrush with he has
spit the pressure with which he sprays
paint and so to set these
percentage pretty quickly
we need to work with example numbers
put push the button 5 here
50 percent low
push 1 turns on 10 percent
press 0 turns on absolutely want
to put
very small values ​​we need to click
Noah and then press the example of 3 of us
becomes 3 percent flow let's
let's see what
my transparency is set to
tablet as you can see it is small
transparency
that is one
2 and 3 percent why so because how
you have now seen small transparencies
enabled by
and holding the key 0 and then any
numbers for this i need right hand
drawn together by a permanent keyboard
which is very inconvenient accordingly
setting small transparency
namely, they work for sd
gin stormy accordingly i am very
quickly and easily install them with
tablets further I have a hundred button
percent flow or opacity this button
need specific cases let me get you
show for example , I have one
the percentage of flow and I still need to loosen
effect i press shift and pressing to
Example 3 turns me on 30 percent
opacity
till the tassel gets weaker but when
I need to return the opacity
for this i need to hold shift and
then drag the right button 0
this is inconvenient so i will render this button
on the tablet service clamping shift and
press a hundred percent button and graze
on the tablet I switched to Assol
one hundred percent further I can also
quickly change 2 percent 3 percent
How much do I need from the tablet, that's all
the settings you need for
Work should have been setup for the tablet
settings in photoshop
that's all you can do
quality work and not to bother
I hope these technical points
what video was useful for you if
so then like me it will be very
nice if you want not to miss
further videos which i will
create then sign up for this on
today, thank you very much for your attention
good luck bye
on a large increase us right away
see the effect as a whole on the picture that is
example if it is very important to us
glare areas on the eyes were
same size
that is to say, for example, then we can
constantly working with high magnification
always keep track of everything that happens on
picture as a whole in its full scale